UK is quite happy is to save some money, to leave
some money for him to drug university, others do not care so ah free two parents
to go to Europe and
late, one or two to a month to go to Europe once,
so once  First play it, right or not right so you know Hong Kong people
if flowing back to Hong Kong you are the property price of the decline of the boss a year used to
not see a hundred or hundreds of thousands of you do work is not a hundred to lose almost ten thousand
free of charge  Sun it so this bubble left the property
is the most important how do you know you do not throw do not suddenly become poorer and poorer
but this more big trouble is the dual-use property is basically falling
Reach 60 you up and down fall frame
such a class property rent last year this fourth quarter down the percent
after this, high throughput led to this case quarter
down some this percentage of Central's rent this quarter really down 31%
.  The biggest decline within the first quarter of the feeding year, you think
the more the fall urgently, talking about the east, this one of the rent performance